again we have the third method used
by me and checked this time we're going to
bring this method that would be to tell
pokemon the Chinese and we have seen two
methods is fine I'll bring you the
third method that I use also for
capture pokemon to china and more result
more the most effective for me in my opinion
or for my taste that I ask is the most
effective than I thought me and good
As it is called, this form is called
safari friendship as we know in safari
friendship is an area where we can
capture pokemons in the development by
half of our friends and good that
we need to do this this method
first we need to spend our game
for the safari friendship then this one have
then we need to have the city bad and
if I'm not mistaken
we need adequate pokemones time and
little valls we need a little bit
It's worth remembering that on this safari
they do not give us a little raft
and have enough friends added to
that they find salcin de mancini that
you want and well let's go there and we're
here good morning the deputy himself and I
we are here and good what you are going to do
here in challenging and friendship as we know
in that initial part to enter here
we need to have enough friends and
added good what we do
Three tickets with a friend zone
how come here because I have enough
friends and because it's enough 5 fear to
to start looking for shame the area d
to see the way that not here
example the foundation of the area d
this friend of ice for example
we are in this area and what we are going to
do is look can we machine and good
what is said that in the safari area there is
a lot of possibility of china and it's
too easy to find pokemon
too simple four have already come out
we can in three days
we go out and until like this until it reaches us
this montini day because home also
Well I do not know why it's going faster here
but it's easier to find a pokémon
Chinese here good yes no
of the famous when you 're looking for that
you are going to look for others that are those of the
safari area restarts the
possibility of
to look for pokemon team is the most
advisable to stay here until looking
good and is that ardín of she can you
leave but it is also said that if you
salts can also increase the
possibility of good student has said or
confirmed but I recommended
I recommend that now I did not leave the
nothing the quick touch between a zone and
look for a marketing
the other time I was looking for we are fifteen
minutes imitation of a dragon at the end
as well
and this news video